Update to refer to Argo and flux as cncf graduated projects (#4292)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/example-scenario/gitops-aks/gitops-blueprint-aks-content.md

## Architecture

> Two GitOps operators that you can use with AKS are [Flux](https://fluxcd.io) and [Argo CD](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io). They both were [Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF)](https://www.cncf.io) projects and are widely used. The following scenarios show ways to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two GitOps operators that you can use with AKS are [Flux](https://fluxcd.io) and [Argo CD](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io). They're both [graduated Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) projects](https://www.cncf.io/projects/) and are widely used. The following scenarios show ways to use them.
```

> Two GitOps operators that you can use with AKS are [Flux](https://fluxcd.io) and [Argo CD](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io). They're both were [Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF)](https://www.cncf.io) projects and are widely used. The following scenarios show ways to use them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two GitOps operators that you can use with AKS are [Flux](https://fluxcd.io) and [Argo CD](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io). They both were [Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF)](https://www.cncf.io) projects and are widely used. The following scenarios show ways to use them.
```
